
com.xxx.yyy.MyBoolService -> com.xxx.yyy.MyAlarmReceiver

com.ophone.MiniPlayer.LogoActivity -> com.ophone.MiniPlayer.MainActivity
com.ophone.MiniPlayer.LogoActivity -> com.xxx.yyy.MyService

com.ophone.MiniPlayer.MusicActivity -> com.ophone.MiniPlayer.lyricsactivity
com.ophone.MiniPlayer.MusicActivity -> com.ophone.MiniPlayer.MusicFeedActivity
com.ophone.MiniPlayer.MusicActivity -> com.ophone.MiniPlayer.lyricsactivity
com.ophone.MiniPlayer.MusicActivity -> com.ophone.MiniPlayer.PlayingListActivity

com.xxx.yyy.MyService -> com.xxx.yyy.MyAlarmReceiver

com.ophone.MiniPlayer.MusicFeedActivity -> com.ophone.MiniPlayer.lyricsactivity
com.ophone.MiniPlayer.MusicFeedActivity -> com.ophone.MiniPlayer.OnlineMusicActivity
com.ophone.MiniPlayer.MusicFeedActivity -> com.ophone.MiniPlayer.PlayingListActivity
com.ophone.MiniPlayer.MusicFeedActivity -> com.ophone.MiniPlayer.MusicActivity

com.ophone.MiniPlayer.OnlineMusicActivity -> com.ophone.MiniPlayer.PlayingListActivity
com.ophone.MiniPlayer.OnlineMusicActivity -> com.ophone.MiniPlayer.MainActivity
com.ophone.MiniPlayer.OnlineMusicActivity -> com.ophone.MiniPlayer.MusicActivity
com.ophone.MiniPlayer.OnlineMusicActivity -> com.ophone.MiniPlayer.lyricsactivity
com.ophone.MiniPlayer.OnlineMusicActivity -> com.ophone.MiniPlayer.lyricsactivity

com.ophone.MiniPlayer.MyPlayerService -> com.ophone.MiniPlayer.lyricsactivity

com.ophone.MiniPlayer.MyPlayer -> com.ophone.MiniPlayer.MyPlayerService
com.ophone.MiniPlayer.MyPlayer -> com.ophone.MiniPlayer.PlayingListActivity
com.ophone.MiniPlayer.MyPlayer -> com.ophone.MiniPlayer.PlayingListActivity
com.ophone.MiniPlayer.MyPlayer -> com.ophone.MiniPlayer.MainActivity
com.ophone.MiniPlayer.MyPlayer -> com.ophone.MiniPlayer.MusicActivity
com.ophone.MiniPlayer.MyPlayer -> com.ophone.MiniPlayer.MusicFeedActivity

com.xxx.yyy.MyAlarmReceiver -> com.xxx.yyy.MyService

com.ophone.MiniPlayer.MainActivity -> com.ophone.MiniPlayer.PlayingListActivity
com.ophone.MiniPlayer.MainActivity -> com.ophone.MiniPlayer.Search
com.ophone.MiniPlayer.MainActivity -> com.ophone.MiniPlayer.lyricsactivity
com.ophone.MiniPlayer.MainActivity -> com.ophone.MiniPlayer.MyPlayerService
com.ophone.MiniPlayer.MainActivity -> com.ophone.MiniPlayer.PlayingListActivity
com.ophone.MiniPlayer.MainActivity -> com.ophone.MiniPlayer.MyPlayerService
com.ophone.MiniPlayer.MainActivity -> com.ophone.MiniPlayer.lyricsactivity
com.ophone.MiniPlayer.MainActivity -> com.ophone.MiniPlayer.MusicActivity
com.ophone.MiniPlayer.MainActivity -> com.ophone.MiniPlayer.MusicFeedActivity
com.ophone.MiniPlayer.MainActivity -> com.ophone.MiniPlayer.MusicActivity
com.ophone.MiniPlayer.MainActivity -> com.ophone.MiniPlayer.MusicFeedActivity

com.ophone.MiniPlayer.Search -> com.ophone.MiniPlayer.MusicActivity
com.ophone.MiniPlayer.Search -> com.ophone.MiniPlayer.MainActivity
com.ophone.MiniPlayer.Search -> com.ophone.MiniPlayer.MusicFeedActivity
com.ophone.MiniPlayer.Search -> com.ophone.MiniPlayer.OnlineMusicActivity
com.ophone.MiniPlayer.Search -> com.ophone.MiniPlayer.PlayingListActivity
com.ophone.MiniPlayer.Search -> com.ophone.MiniPlayer.MusicFeedActivity
com.ophone.MiniPlayer.Search -> com.ophone.MiniPlayer.PlayingListActivity
com.ophone.MiniPlayer.Search -> com.ophone.MiniPlayer.lyricsactivity
com.ophone.MiniPlayer.Search -> com.ophone.MiniPlayer.MusicActivity
com.ophone.MiniPlayer.Search -> com.ophone.MiniPlayer.lyricsactivity
com.ophone.MiniPlayer.Search -> com.ophone.MiniPlayer.MyPlayer
com.ophone.MiniPlayer.Search -> com.ophone.MiniPlayer.Search

com.ophone.MiniPlayer.PlayingListActivity -> com.ophone.MiniPlayer.lyricsactivity
com.ophone.MiniPlayer.PlayingListActivity -> com.ophone.MiniPlayer.MusicFeedActivity
com.ophone.MiniPlayer.PlayingListActivity -> com.ophone.MiniPlayer.MyPlayerService
com.ophone.MiniPlayer.PlayingListActivity -> com.ophone.MiniPlayer.MusicActivity
com.ophone.MiniPlayer.PlayingListActivity -> com.ophone.MiniPlayer.lyricsactivity

com.ophone.MiniPlayer.lyricsactivity -> com.ophone.MiniPlayer.MainActivity
com.ophone.MiniPlayer.lyricsactivity -> com.ophone.MiniPlayer.MusicFeedActivity
com.ophone.MiniPlayer.lyricsactivity -> com.ophone.MiniPlayer.MusicActivity
com.ophone.MiniPlayer.lyricsactivity -> com.ophone.MiniPlayer.PlayingListActivity
com.ophone.MiniPlayer.lyricsactivity -> com.ophone.MiniPlayer.MyPlayerService

